README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: location titles mapping on "town map" page

README.md, after:

# DOG HILL

## an RP blog

Welcome to Dog Hill, a small town nestled beside a healthy perch-river and hidden in the shadows of a dark and unforgiving forest. There's not much to do here: you could spend your time hunting for bones to carve, shopping for local fruit preseves or bakes, or swing by and listen to the band as they play in the town hall!

Just make sure you are inside before the sun sets, because that's when the wolves come out. Every night they circle the town: wade through the river, slink out from the shadows and methodically hunt anyone foolish enough to be caught outside. Their legs are long, their teeth are sharp, and it is said that once you have looked in their eyes you will slowly go mad.

It's also said that the wolves were once people who lived and worked in Dog Hill, just like you.

But that can't be true... right?

## Aims & Planning

This assignment is coming on the heels of a strong "what the heck am I doing" crashout, so I decided to just have fun with it! This meant returning to the Cookie Clicker roots of lore-ifying the assignment, and letting myself really get into making something not incredibly useful, but still cool (to me) and (hopefully) enjoyable for others (b ᵔ▽ᵔ)b

The entire thing may just be a dressed-up version of a CRUD app, but another important aim was that 🗣️ EVERYTHING WOULD ACTUALLY WORK. I'm writing this on Wednesday in my self-reflection time, so I just have to keep my fingers crossed that this aim was successful and do what I can to make sure it was.

Time to take all my hopes and dreams and proceed onto:

## The Design

Now I've had more experience building database-driven apps, I find it easy to keep a schema design in mind while visualising the user journey through the application. This is the approach I'm taking this week: I imagine myself as a user, "clicking through" to the point of completing a form, and make notes of the "pages" they encounter and the tables needed in order to make each particular page work. This is very similar to my experience when writing fiction: it's like I've been given a lego booklet showing the final outcome on the front cover and a list of all the little pieces I will need to put together in order to create that final build. When I sit back and think about that, I think it means my understanding of the building process is getting stronger... at least I am choosing to believe that's what it means 🙂‍↕️

Ok less yapping, more screenshots (and yapping):

I chose a colour palette from <a href="https://colorhunt.co/palette/321f28734046a05344e79e4f">Color Hunt</a> based on their thematic tagging (Halloween was the tag I used in order to suit the "creepy" aesthetic of the storybeats) and tweaking the colours based on the feedback I got from entering the values and my text colour choice on the <a href="https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/"> WCAG Contrast Checker</a> to make sure that my colour scheme would be user-friendly, particularly on a reading-heavy app.

## References and Resources

⭐️ <a href="https://icon-icons.com/icon/wolf-howl/38004"> Howling Wolf Icon</a>

⭐️ <a href="https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/"> WCAG Contrast Checker</a>

⭐️ <a href="https://colorhunt.co/palette/321f28734046a05344e79e4f"> Colour Hunt Colour Palette</a>
